---
layout: post
title:  "Discussion"
date:   2018-04-24 00:00:03 -0400
categories: jekyll update
---
Writing in the technical industry focuses on the point of clarity. The goal is to make sure the user is not confused by the writing to make the process of using the product as pleasant as possible. If the product is easy to use and understand, then more people will continue to use your product. Being able to write these documents requires a lot of organizational skill. In all of the text I analyzed, different sections were laid out and headings and easy to find, much like the chapters in a book. It is also important that the ordering of the content makes sense. These texts start with installation and basic setup, so the user can start using the product right away. Things you might do later, like maintenance or more complex actions, are put to the end of the literature. Visuals also help create a sense of ease for the user. Having visuals helps the user see how a product is supposed to be used. Two of the three pieces of writing I looked at had visuals. Touchegg used a video to show the software in action, and the instruction manual for the Bose headphones had a diagram showing all of the different parts and buttons of the headphones. 
	
Understanding your target audience is important when creating documentations for a product. It is important for the author to put themselves in the shoes of the consumer and be able to see if their explanations are understandable to the target audience. Touchegg and MailSniper are focused more towards technically inclined people. So, when the authors are writing the readme files, they do not include information about how to install a Unix based operating system and how to open a terminal. They expect their users to already know this and instead go over in detail the parts they would not know like the specific command instructions to set the program up.  On the other hand, Bose’s target audience is your average consumer with no prior knowledge of Bose products. In their manual, the explain in meticulous detail every part of their product. This is why the Bose manual is so much longer than either one of the readme files. 

The interviews showed that writing is not required in college in terms of their technology-based classes. They found the writing they did in high school helpful in college because they do the same kind of writing in both. While writing a research paper is much different from an instruction manual or readme file are very different, there are a lot of similarities to be noted. They both require a strong understanding of audience. It is important to structure your content in such a way that your audience can easily understand the message you are trying to get across. It can be argued that clarity is less important in research papers, as more upper level language is used, but it is still important for the content to be understandable. 
	
None of the interviewees enjoyed writing, and none of them had to write in any of their STEM related classes. I believe these students do not enjoy writing because they are taught to write about things they have no interest in. There are many opportunities to incorporate writing into these classes. For science classes, writing reports and technical documents should be emphasized more. Writing gets better with practice and the more opportunity there is for students to write, the better they will get.